Hi, my name is John Williams from MIT, and in this section we're going to talk about Data Studio. Data Studio is a cloud service provided by Google Cloud, which allows us to create interactive dashboards that combine various data sets and where we can illustrate the insights that we've gained from that data and pass these dashboards or reports to our managers. We can even arrange that these reports are automatically updated with new data on a particular schedule. Now, we'll be connecting to various kinds of data sets, and Google Data Studio provides over 600 connectors itself, as well as a marketplace of third-party connectors. So for example, you can connect to Postgres database or MySQL database or many other databases. And of course, we can connect to BigQuery data sets and data tables, and we'll be taking advantage of the large array of data that Google has provided as public data sets. So for example, we'll be accessing the Chicago taxi data and also the bike data from New York City. Now, Data Studio provides us with a large array of charts and tables that we can arrange into a meaningful report that conveys easily to our managers the insights that we've gained. We'll be particularly using some sales data from across the states of the US, and we'll be using a bubble map from Google Maps to illustrate the amount of sales in each state, which will be proportional to the size and the colour of the bubble. We'll also be using a Boston data set that gives us the city's spending in various departments, such as the police department and the fire department and teachers' salaries, for example. And we'll be building a report so that you can see how to arrange these charts and tables and how we can collect data from various data sources and merge them together in what would be called a SQL join. And here it's actually called a blend. And we'll be seeing how we can enrich the data by, for example, combining a CSV file that has latitude and longitude in separate fields into a single field, which is of the right form required by Google Maps. So Data Studio is a very flexible visualization tool, and we'll be using it to convey information that we've gained from our data to other people and to our managers. So I hope you enjoy using Data Studio. Bye for now. [END]