So we've spent a good deal of time now analyzing our data and getting insights into what the data is telling us. What does it mean? And now we want to communicate those insights to our managers. How are we going to do it? Well, we could write up a long description of exactly what we've done, perhaps in text, and put in some diagrams. Or we could give them, for example, charts that show the various relationships, the distributions, for example, and they can just look at those charts and grasp immediately the relationships that we're trying to show them. The human eye is one of the most amazing instruments. It's the second most complex object in your body that after the brain it has the most components. So for example, your optic nerve has over a million nerve cells in it. Your eye can see a flame 1.7 miles away. You can recognize 50 objects a second and your eye is capable of recognizing over 10 million colors. So we're going to take advantage of your vision system to overcome your other limitations. So our human cognitive limits mean that, for example, if I tell you certain numbers you can only remember around seven, seven plus or minus two is a famous paper on our ability to remember things. So our visual system allows us to understand immediately perhaps a scatter plot that might have a thousand points on it. We can't remember the points but we can see the trends in that data. So we're going to take advantage of graphics. We're going to, for example, plot various features against each other or we might have something like here I've got my smartphone and on it I've gone to my Robinhood account and I'm plotting here Ethereum's price against time and they're showing me it's not just a straight line it's a line that consists of lots of bars and the color of the bars the red are where it's dropped in price and the green is where it's risen in price. So on this just very simple diagram we can communicate a tremendous amount of information. Now in addition to charts and there are lots of different kinds of charts, pie charts for example, that we can show various features. For example, that we might have how much each cab company in Chicago has earned in the last year and so we might have a pie chart showing all of the different cab companies and the size of the slice would be how much they've earned. Now we might have other data for example like our sales figures in the various states across the US and we might show the size of a circle for example in the middle of the state might be related to the amount of sales in that state and we can see spatially very quickly by the size of these blobs where we've been most successful. So our goal with visualization is to communicate the meaning of a whole mass of data that we've spent a lot of time to understand very quickly to others so that they can grasp our insights and make decisions based on that. So that's why we do visualization. Not only that, often these charts are really pretty to look at. So enjoy doing your visualizations so you can communicate what you've understood about the data to others. Okay, bye for now.