Hi, it's John Williams here at MIT. I want to talk a little bit about visualization. It's tremendously important because we put all this work into understanding data and getting insights into data, and then we need to be able to communicate it to our managers. And to do that we can take advantage of the human eye and visualization. It turns out the human eye is the second most complicated organ in our bodies. For example, the optic nerve has a million cells in it. Our eye can distinguish 10 million colors. And we can recognize 50 objects a second or a flame 1.7 miles away. So the eye is amazingly sensitive. Now our goal is to communicate through our visual system and overcome our natural cognitive limitations. And what do I mean by cognitive limitations? Well, it's well known that if I give you a string of numbers, 7, 3, 9, 5, 8, 1, 2, 11, 12, 7, 9... After about 7 numbers you won't be able to remember those. So there's no way that if I've got a million points of data that somehow I can communicate that to you point by point. So we're going to take advantage of clumping things together and our ability, for example, to view a scatter plot with thousands of points on it and be able to detect the trend. The important thing is the trend, the relationship, for example, of whatever we're plotting along one axis to whatever we're plotting along the other axis. So it's the underlying relationships that we've discovered in our data that we're trying to communicate. So there are numerous charts, scatter point charts, pie charts, bar charts, charts that show certain frequencies. And we can combine different capabilities on those charts. So for example here, I'm logging into my account with Robinhood and I'm showing here the price of Ethereum today. And instead of a single line, it's showing various bars that red means that it's dropped in price and green that it's risen in price. And the length of the bar is how much it's dropped or risen. And I can actually run my finger over this and it can show me the various prices in time. And I can rescale this. I can choose to show the last week or the last month or the last year. Now this is an interactive graphic, but today that's perhaps how we want to communicate. Now in this course we're just going to use static graphics because they're the easiest to generate and they're still very powerful indeed. So for example, we're going to show pie charts, where we have how many taxi trips each car company has completed in a year and how much they've earned. So the slice of the pie is going to be proportional to how much that taxi company has earned. Now we also have tabular data and humans can understand tabularized data as well, quite well. And we're going to show pivot tables of taxi trips and we're going to show time of day versus day of the week. And we're going to colour depending on how many trips were made and how many sales, the size of the sales in those time periods. And so there's a whole array of charts and tabular graphics that we can use to communicate our data. But ultimately our goal is to communicate the insights that we have in a form that our managers can understand really quickly so that they can make the right decisions. Now it also happens that graphics are kind of pretty. I love to look at some of the graphics and I hope you will enjoy making those graphics and communicating to others the insights that you've got from your data. So that's why we do visualization. Okay, bye for now. Okay.