Hi, my name is John Williams. I'm Professor of Information Engineering at MIT, and along with Dr Abel Sanchez, it's our great pleasure to introduce this course on data engineering. Data engineering is at the very centre of big tech today. It's in high demand. There are over half a million jobs in the US available in data engineering. Now, data engineering has the role of getting the data from the data source and making it available to the business analyst or the data scientist doing machine learning. It's essential that the data is good, what we call good data. It needs to be cleaned, it needs to be transformed, and often it needs to be enriched and integrated with other data sources. We'll be talking about the modern data stack that allows us to do that. The data stack is based in the cloud and it allows us to do what we call ELT, extract, load and transform. So we get it from the data source. So for example, we might be monitoring Twitter, say a third party data source. We need then to have some transformation that allows us to pull that data. These are called connectors, and companies like 5tran literally have tens of thousands of these connectors that then we can get control of that data, loading it into our data store in the cloud, and we'll be looking in detail at Google's data store and at BigQuery, and that allows us then to do these cleaning operations. We'll be looking at DBT, which allows us to track those operations. Just like DevOps allowed us to speed up the deployment of code, we have similar now data ops. So we're trying to automate as much as possible in these pipelines. To do that, we have tooling such as GitHub and also GitHub Actions that can automate certain processes within the pipeline. We'll be spending quite a bit of time in the cloud and getting used to the tooling. We'll be using Python as our basic language and also the libraries such as NumPy and Pandas that allow us to handle big data. Chris Riccomini talks about the six stages that corporations go through, the base stages that we do batch processing. At the end, we can do real-time distributed processing of that data and something called reverse ELT. We'll be looking in detail at the Uber pipeline, which allows us to do real-time processing where you say you want to go to the airport. They are taking that data, calculating a surge price. Within a second or two, they're telling you exactly how much your ride is going to cost, and then they coordinate it with the car to come and pick you up and take care of all the billing. We'll be finally looking at data governance, which is really important today. If you ever have a data breach, then you'll need to prove that your data was encrypted and has remained under your control. So data engineering is an exciting area, and we hope to see you online in this course. So bye for now. [END] 1