So, let's see how to handle uploading text into BigQuery. So I'm on the Kaggle site here and we've got the complete works of William Shakespeare and we can download it. So I've downloaded it and here it is on my machine. Now let's see if we can get it into BigQuery. What I'm going to do is I'm first going to upload it to Google Drive. So here I'm in my Google Drive and I've created a blank Google Sheet. So here's my Google Sheet and now we can go and we can import and we can upload our file. So we just need to drag and drop our file. So I've got the file here and I'm dragging and dropping it. OK let's go with this. We don't want to separate anything so I want to choose something that I don't think is in this file. So I'm looking for - maybe we go with a caret. I don't believe that will be in the file. So let's import. Don't convert text to numbers, dates or formulas. OK. So we can open it. OK. So it looks pretty good. OK so you see we've got quite a lot of headers as well. Here electronic version. So the licensing is all in here. So we'll have to remember that when we're processing because we may be going to look for word counts. So we might want to start some way down the page here. So we could maybe clean this up by hand but let's see how we can clean it up now in BigQuery. So OK we've got our web sheet now. Let's go take a look at BigQuery. So I've got a data set here called Shakespeare. Let's create a table. So this is creating an empty table. We're going to get it from Google Drive. We need to get from here the URL. So let's - we're going to - anyone with link here and we'll make them editor and we'll copy that link. So we've got the link. Now we can go back to our table. So paste that in. The format will just go with Google Sheet and data set table name. We'll call it - table will be Shakespeare as well and maybe we'll go with T8. And distinguish it - external table. We don't want to detect anything. It's just a sheet. Create the table. So we've got it here. Let's have a look at the details of this. OK. So this is where - we'll copy this to the clipboard. We'll probably need it later when we're trying to access this file. OK. So that's loading up a file. So we're extracting it from Kaggle and taking it through several places before we've got it into BigQuery. But that's the process of getting things into BigQuery. Now we need to be able to transform this and clean it. OK. So bye for now.