So here I am in Data Studio and you can see we've got a Wikipedia data set here and we're handling quite a large number of rows in that data set. OK, so here I am in Data Studio. Let's create a blank report and it's going to ask us what data do we want to load. So let's connect to BigQuery. We'll go to Public Data Sets. It's going to ask me what project I want to build to and I'm choosing Demo Project 002. Here it's showing me the public data sets. There's quite a lot. I'm going to scroll to the bottom and we'll see Wikipedia. I'm going to choose Page Views for 2022 and we're going to choose a data as a data range. OK. And we'll load it up. OK. So it's pulled some data. You see we've got here Data, Title, Views, Wiki and Record Count. So we're mainly interested in the views and we'll try and find out what hours of the day people most view Wikipedia pages. Let's just check how many records we've got. So I'm going to pick a scorecard and in the scorecard let's have a look. We'll have a look at views and we'll do the sum of the views. And you see we've got 13 billion views. So that's quite a lot of data. Now the number of rows is probably lower than that. Let's just take a look at Record Count. And you see we've got about 4 billion rows. OK. Let's create a pivot table. So here in Insert we'll go down and choose Pivot Table. So here's our pivot table. And I'm interested in when during the day, let me delete that one, when during the day do people most view this and which day of the week. So here for the column dimensions I'm going to go with Data. And particularly I want to subdivide this daytime into day of the week. So here day of the week. And we can just give it a title if we want. Weekday. That's a pretty good title. OK. So here we've got weekday and you'll see already we've got Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday as our columns. As our row dimensions I want data hour. And here though I want to display the hour of the day. So in the daytime here we'll go, we can do data hour or we can just pick hour. And here I'll just call that hour. OK. So here already you see we've got by row it's hour of the day and across we've got day of the week. Let's make this a little more informative visually under style. I want to, under style I want to add conditional formatting. I'm going to go with the colour scale. And let's go with number of views. We don't have that as an option at the moment. And I understand why. Let's go and correct this here in the setup. We need to have not record count. We want views. So it's recalculated in just a few seconds. That's pretty good. As I say now I'd like to go in here and into style. I'd like to add conditional formatting. Colour scale. Pick a field. Views. So this will colour it according to when in the day we get the most views. So here you'll see we don't get much really early in the morning. But in the afternoon we do. So this is going from 12am. So this is really early morning to the hour of the day. I'll leave it to you to flip that scale. So that you can make it early morning at the top. So I flipped the order here just to show you that it was possible. But I'll leave it to you to complete that yourself. But you see that we can handle massive data using Data Studio. It was really quite easy and the time it took to render was not that great. So Data Studio has tremendous power in that we can access huge data sets in the billions. And it works perfectly well. OK, so bye for now.