So let's take a look at the solution to this exercise. We need to include humidity in our Python script that publishes events to ThingsBoard and then publishes to Firebase. We've got to develop a new UI for ThingsBoard so that we include humidity. But the first thing we need to do is to make sure that we've spun up ThingsBoard. We need that running. And we need Firebase. Now I've got Firebase running here. And as you see I've got temperatures and I don't have any readings yet. I haven't pushed any in there. But you'll need to get an account and I'm using the realtime database. So this is the name I gave to that realtime database. And this is going to be the data stream. And so here I need... I'll be publishing to this address, this link. So you may want to copy that and put it so that we can use it later. OK. So that's Firebase. Now let's take a look for ThingsBoard. So here's ThingsBoard and I've done a cat on Docker Compose. So we've got it spinning up. So all I need to do is a Docker Compose up on this and that will allow us to spin it up. So we need to do Docker Compose up. And I've already done that and I've got it spinning. So let me just show you. I'm just going to check on my dashboard. I've got ThingsBoard. So I've hit port 8080 and got that running. So we're just left now. We need to do the Python. So let's bring up our Python starting point. So this is the ThingsBoard publish.py for Python. And I've got the access token. So if you haven't got that, you need to go back to ThingsBoard. And go to the devices and then find the device. It's this one. And you need to copy the access credentials there. And you can see this is my access token. OK, so now we've got that access token, we can go back to our code here. And we need to put in not just temperature but humidity. So I've added it to the start of sensor data here. But I also now need to create a new humidity. And we'll do it the same way. Random.randint. And let's go between, let's go from 50 to, let's go from 50 to 90% humidity. Well, we'll go to 100. Unlikely we'll get it that high. Now we need to update the sensor data and the humidity. OK, so that will now publish both temperature and humidity. I'm actually going to save that under a new, copy that. And I'm going to save it under a new, there we go. A new file. Good. So we can run that. OK, I misspelled humidity here. I corrected that. So humidity now and I'm printing out humidity here. And putting it into the sensor there, sensor data. OK, so we're good on that. Let's spin up Python. So, OK. So you see it's publishing. Let's wait for the second one just to make sure. I've just got it publishing every 10 seconds here. So there we go. OK, let's go now and see if we're getting data on our Things board. So let's go to Things board here. This is our sensor. And I've got the telemetry. And we see we've got now humidity and temperature. And they're both changing. So that's good. Now we've got to create our dashboard. Let's go to our dashboards. And let's start a new dashboard. So let's call this temp-humidity. OK, so let's open the dashboard. And now let me just adjust this a moment. OK, now we need to go into edit. And let's add a new widget. So the first one let me get a card. And a simple card. And let's add. So here we need our device name MQTT source. OK. And the filter type is its device. And we want MQTT source. And we'll add that. So now we've got that. Now we can get, I'll add humidity. And let's get temperature. So those are our two cards there. Now let's add two more charts. So this chart, MQTT. We'll start with humidity. I'm going to make this chart a little larger. Let's set it out. There. So that's humidity. And now let's get one for temperature. OK. Beautiful. That looks pretty good. We can maybe pull that out a little. Temperature there. And let's align these. That's good. OK. I like it. Let's just watch the data come in. Actually, what I'm going to do is I'm going to go back and increase the rate that I'm publishing. Let's go and do that. So let me, I'm going to break in here. Exit. And instead of time, sleep of 10, let's go with two. OK. And re-start that. We should be fine. Let's go back to this. OK, here we go. Now you can see the data's coming in faster. And let's go and take a look what's happening on Firebase. So here we are in Firebase. And I set up a new Kafka light to take a look at this. And I've just started it here. And we can see that I've got a few temperatures. And we've got temperature and humidity notice. So we're publishing every 10 seconds here. So that's perfect. So everything is working now. And we've got both temperature and humidity. OK. Bye for now.