So we've already seen how a client can create temperature readings. So we did this with Paho and Python and created random temperatures that we then fed to ThingsBoard. And we saw how ThingsBoard could use the rule chain to pass it on to Firebase. And we could store it in Firebase. Now what we have to do here is I want you to create on the client side not just a temperature but also humidity as well. So what I'm asking actually is that we're going to create an object, a JSON object. And I've got T for temperature here and H for humidity. But these programs handle these objects as just one thing even though there's temperature inside it and humidity we really don't have to change anything. So that was the, if you call it a trick, is that you really don't need to do very much. Now we do have to create this JSON object here. But once we've created it we just do what we did before. We can feed that object into ThingsBoard and through the rule chain and out to Firebase. So that object then ends up in Firebase and just gets rendered into the Firebase as temperature and humidity. So it's really quite nice that we don't have to alter very much except the client. So we need to go into the client now and let's code. So here we are in the client and remember that you need to do a pip install on paho.mqtt so that we've got that reference. And make sure as well what your access token is in ThingsBoard. That I'm using this device that already existed actually in ThingsBoard. So we're pumping data into this device and also make sure of your port number. That it could be 9883 or 1883 depending how you spun up ThingsBoard. So look at your Docker compose file to check which port we need. And then all we need to do is we create this sensor data object that is a dictionary in Python but it's actually just JSON. We have the curly brackets then we have a key value. And I've added humidity in here. You could add as many things as you want. You could have CO2 amount or whatever and it'll be treated as a single object right throughout that chain which is beautiful. So here we are we open up our client again and now we need to alter this slightly so that we get a random humidity. So here we're going to calculate the humidity with a value between 50 and 100 and then we put it into our object here. So that's all we do. And like I say we could add more and more things into this sensor data and we wouldn't have to make any more changes throughout that pipeline. So let's see this running. I'll start it up. Let me have the data a little bit more than instead of 10 seconds let's make it 5 seconds. So we can run this here. Let me clear this and run it. And so we just run it with Python. So now you can see 3 seconds sorry 5 seconds and it's changed. OK let's go to our Things board. So here we are in Things board. Let's look at the device that I'm using. So I decided to use this device here DHT11. So if I go to that device and if we look at the latest telemetry you'll see it here changing 68 for humidity. And now it's 80 for humidity. So that object if you like is being captured there and if we go to our Rule Chain our default Rule Chain we'll see that here we go. This was the REST API and inside it we just have to make sure that we've got the URL of our Firebase. And now if I go to Firebase. So here I am in Firebase and let me scroll down and you see them being added. There's one last one is NC now 5 seconds later and if we look inside one of these we should be able to open any of them. So we've got our whole pipeline running and now all you have to do is go back and we decided that we wanted to display both humidity and temperature in Things board. So let's go and do that. So let's go to Things board here. This is our sensor and I've got the telemetry and we see we've got no humidity. And temperature and they're both changing. So that's good. Now we've got to create our dashboard. Let's go to our dashboards. And let's start a new dashboard. So let's call this temp humidity. OK, so let's open the dashboard. And now let me just adjust this a moment. OK, now we need to go into edit. And let's add a new widget. So the first one let me get a card. And a simple card. And let's add. So here we need our device name MQTT source. OK. And the filter type is its device. And we want MQTT source. And we'll add that. So now we've got that. Now we can get. I'll add humidity. And let's get temperature. So those are our two cards there. Now let's add two more. Charts. So this chart. MQTT. We'll start with the humidity. I'm going to make this chart a little larger. Let's set it out. There. So that's humidity. And now let's get one for temperature. OK. Beautiful. That looks pretty good. We can maybe pull that out a little. Temperature there. And let's align these. That's good.