Metadata: Metadata: 

Title: Crew AI: A Stock Analysis Tool 
Author: John R Williams 
Date of Publication: April 22nd 
Summary: Crew AI is a stock analysis tool developed by John R Williams. It utilizes a number of agents that perform tasks such as market trend analysis and data interpretation. The tool also includes search tools for the internet, news, and SEC forms. It uses GPT to generate similarity embeddings and provides a comprehensive report for the user, making it a valuable tool for financial advisors

So let's see this stock analysis tool running. This is Crew AI, and we have a number of agents. So we've got stock analysis agents, and these agents perform various tasks. This one is to impress all customers with your financial data and market trend analysis. And this one is a research analyst, best at gathering and interpreting data. And we'll see a number of tools here. So we've got a search tools for the internet, search for the news, Yahoo news, SE tools. These are the 10Ks, SE search tools. And investment advisor, impress your customers for the fall and loss of the stocks and completer trends. And again, a number of tools that that agent can use. Let's take a look at one of the tools. So here, let's take a look at the SEC tools. And these SEC tools, useful to search the 10Q forms. Looking for stock splits. So this is a very sophisticated tool in itself. And this is going to be used by the agents. We've got a number of keys that we need. This one is a key to the SEC API. And those are actually hidden. So we'll be hitting GPT using the OpenAI. And so to build this, we run this build tool called this pyproject, this toml file here. And so these are the libraries that we're using. So Python, this one we're using 310 and CrewAI. So there's quite a lot, why finance, there's Yahoo Finance, TikTok, or rather TikToken. So TikToken. This is the Facebook analysis of embeddings. So this will be similarity embeddings. So it's going to embed some of the search products that it's found and find which ones are relevant. So this is a very sophisticated tool. Let's run it. So which company, let's do Microsoft MSFT. Okay. So your final answer must report all the latest news, notable shifts in the market, sentiment. So now it's going off using the crew agent executor chain. So this will be a chain that does thought and action. So here's the first thought, and then this is the action, search the internet. It's getting some of the recent news. Now a new thought, I'll use the Yahoo Finance news tool. So now it's going out to Yahoo. Now it encountered an error with that, but it's since I encountered an error, find alternative sources. So it's pretty smart that it can recover from errors. Here it's got a load of the Microsoft sub links. I'll have to manually visit these links together. So it's pretty good. It's gonna check the 10 Q and 10 K forms. So it hit another error there, but it recovers from that. Made a mistake in the input format. So it's gonna correct that. And now it's retrieving data and here it's embedding it. It's chunking the data that it's found and it's got quite a lot of data. So here it's embedding those and it's giving us a LangChain deprecation warning. LangChain community embeddings was deprecated. Okay, so we may need to adjust that, but you will see this is a pretty amazing tool. Operating expenses decreased. Okay, it's gathered a load of information from that. Action here. What was last year's revenue? So again, it's going out, grabbing data, embedding it, chunking it. So this is doing some amazing work. Okay, again, this chunking a load of data that it's recovered. So now it's figuring out metrics. We should read this actually. Okay, a sensitivity analysis. Doesn't provide the necessary information on Microsoft ratio, revenue and debt to equity. I need to search the internet to find these missing parameters. So again, it's understanding what it needs to do and even telling us what we should be doing. This is an amazing tool. And we're using, obviously we're hitting GPT and we'll be hitting GPT both 3.5 and four, I believe. So again, we're doing basically RAG embeddings and then searching. So quantitative and qualitative, it's figuring out, it's going through a number of items that it understands that it needs to go through, but it's figuring out quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk. So now it's on item four, controls and procedures. So it's looking at the Microsoft offices and directors, looking at their trading, insider trading arrangements, getting a load of more data. So I'd be interested in how much this is going to cost because this is going and doing a lot of work. But you can imagine that your financial advisor needs to do exactly this. So maybe they're good at it, maybe they're not, but this is a pretty good first start. Let's have a look back up there. So it's understanding April 22nd. So that's in the future here. Take a deeper dive into stock performance with detail. So again, it's going out, getting more details about Microsoft's performance. So here is the final report. Dear customer, well, I'm not going to make any recommendations, but it's done an amazing job of collecting data and providing us with a complete report. Okay, bye for now.