So we've been talking about frameworks that we can use to help us in making decisions. I'd like to introduce you to a person called John Boyd, and he came up with something that he called the OODA Loop. He was a fighter pilot, and he was flying at the end of the Korean War, where the US had planes, the F-86, and they were fighting against the North Korean planes, which were MiG-15s. The F-86s were much more successful than the MiGs, that they had a kill ratio of 9 to 1, that the F-86s were shooting down 9 MiGs for every F-86 that was lost. But when he looked at the performance of the MiGs, it was a superior plane. It could out-accelerate, out-climb, and out-turn the F-86. So it was a conundrum. Why were the F-86 pilots able to be much more successful? He came to the conclusion it was because they could go around what he called this OODA Loop. They could observe the enemy, they could orient themselves, and they could decide were they in an attacking position or a defensive position, and they could act. And what helped them go around this OODA Loop faster than the MiG pilots was, one, their canopy gave them better visibility, they had better view of the airspace, and also their controls were hydraulic, whereas the MiG controls were mechanical. You had to be really strong to fly the MiG. The MiG pilots lifted weights, for example, to be fit enough to fly the planes. So his concept was that the OODA Loop was critical. The faster you could go around this OODA Loop, the better. You had to be faster than your opponent. You had to be able to observe the situation, orient yourself, decide what to do, and then take action and then repeat. And this is what we see happening today. We do this with minimum viable product. We put out a software product, we put out the minimum viable one really quickly so we can learn from it, we can understand what the problems are, and go round the loop again. So for him, the importance of speed of decision-making was critical. And I think we're seeing that today in business, that knowledge is doubling every two years. We have to make decisions more quickly. We may not have total information that we need, but we may need to move anyway. So John Boyd's additional insights were that he said, certainly in war you have to recognise you're engaged in a competition, and in war it's for survival. The goal is to survive and survive on your own terms. So what we're trying to do is have our corporations survive and be fit enough that we're in a better place. He believed that people, ideas, so strategies and tactics and technology were the three important things to consider, and that the order was that people were more important. So you needed to train these high-performance teams, and this is what we see in the military today. He believed that drive power to make decisions down in your organisation. He called it pushing power to the edge. So give the decision-making to the teams that are actually on the ground and know the terrain best. Then speed to execute, so go round that OODA loop. In some ways it's very similar to the scientific method that you pose a hypothesis, do some experiments to see how the system is responding, and then look at the results and see if your hypothesis is true. He believed that competition occurs not only at the physical level, but also at the psychological level, and in some cases at the moral level. We're actually seeing that today in corporations. And he believed in creative destruction, that you had to unlearn some things because some of your knowledge is not going to apply to the world as it is today. So this is certainly the case in the technology area, that if you were using, for example, databases of 20 years ago, those are not the data stores that you're going to be using today. So there will be some ideas that you need to unlearn. So test out your hypotheses. That actually comes from Lean Startup, and we'll talk separately about that. So these were John Boyd's insights. Now, another person that you should be aware of is David Snowden. And David Snowden realised that we're dealing with different kinds of systems. So some systems are simple, that we have experience with them. The systems are repeatable in the sense that when we do experiments, we get the same results. And in that case, we can apply best practice. So he's saying there are different management techniques that we need, depending on the systems that we're dealing with. So also we have complicated systems. And in that case, we can apply good practice, we need to sense, analyse and respond. When we come to a complex adaptive system, these are systems that are never in the same state ever again. And that's pretty much like the world today. It's evolving, and we've never been in the same place. So with those systems, you need to probe them, do experiments, and respond. So these may have emergent behaviour. Now, chaotic systems, you don't even have time to probe, you need to act. They may be unstable, and you need to stabilise them immediately. So if you step over that edge into a chaotic regime, that managing that is going to be extremely difficult. You're going to have to try and stabilise the situation, move it to become at least a less chaotic system. So in that case, act, respond. So in that case, you need to act, sense and then respond. So you're seeing novel behaviour. And it's pretty clear today, we have things like COVID, we have things like the price of oil varying. You know, one day it's $120, then it can fall down, and it was negative, it was zero, below zero. So we need to understand the systems that we're dealing with. And in data, there are some things that we know quite well, and we can apply the best practice. But there are others where we need to experiment and probe and understand and build our experience. So do read about John Boyd and David Snowden, and we'll give you some links to videos about them. OK, bye for now. Thank you. (door opening)