So, take a look at this video of synchronising clocks. The clocks all start off unsynchronised, and yet, with the little prods and pushes that come from the base, they all become synchronised over time. We see this synchronising behaviour again and again in nature. So there are many other systems that self-synchronise. For example, if you've ever seen fireflies at night, that they start off and they're not synchronised, but over time their flashing becomes synchronised. The audience, after a concert for example, will clap, and with no one commanding them, that clapping will become synchronised. So quite small signals can have large effects on these systems. Again, we see it in the flocking of birds. Nobody is really a leader, but that flock becomes synchronised, and you've seen the swallows flying through the air in the evening, and they're following a pattern. Now, how can we leverage this in our company? Well, there's a great book called Sync that you should read, and also there's been a lot of work done in the Santa Fe Institute on how complex adaptive systems behave. We've begun to view corporations as complex human systems. So, a corporation has a boundary, and it has internal structures. The boundary may be porous or semi-porous. Certain things come through the boundary. We have supply chains that deliver goods to us, for example, and we buy products from other people, materials, and we have external entities, other companies, that we're maybe competing with, and maybe we're collaborating with. But certainly we have communications between these entities, between our company and others. We all go to the same conferences, we become influenced by the same ideas. So, can we use this knowledge of a complex adaptive system to somehow improve the way our corporation is behaving? Well, here I'm showing some ants. Again, there's no one in charge, there's no one giving orders. This is not a command and control structure. Even the Queen doesn't give orders. Now, we see ants, when they find food, they leave a trail. We call this stigmurgy. But what it means is that other ants can learn from that trail how to get to the food. So, can you think in your company how you might leverage this? Can you leave trails when you discover something about, for example, the cloud? Maybe you can make a video and leave a trail so that anyone joining your group, you can give them that video and they can immediately understand what they need to do to operate in that cloud. So learning at speed is critical, but understanding and having a mental model for how a corporation, when we view it as an adaptive system, a complex adaptive system, how it behaves is important. Now, John Holland at the Santa Fe Institute came up with this model, that it had two layers at the bottom layer. You've got the ants, if you like, the worker bees, they're all doing their jobs and they're influenced by neighbouring agents. We'll call them other bees like we see with the flocking birds. They're influenced by the birds just locally around them. And over time, patterns emerge from those interactions and they form rules and processes, if you like, at this beta level. So now the beta level influences the alpha level by signalling. So perhaps signalling that it's important that we go through a digital transformation, that the CEO announces this. So maybe we can view the beta layer as upper management and other teams as the line workers, for example, at the lower level, the alpha agents. Now we see that the command and control structure, it worked for a long time, but it's not working today in the same way. The way that management now influences its workers is much more like this complex adaptive model of John Holland. That we can send signals down about that we want to go through this digital transformation and perhaps we can give rewards or we can encourage leadership teams to go and explore the cloud. But command and control doesn't work in the same way. Often the CEO doesn't understand what's happening, for example, in containers in the cloud. Now they're concerned with the business and these broader patterns over time. But having this model in your head, I think will help you because the small signals that you give as a data leader can translate into big effects if the workers understand exactly what you're signaling. Can you leverage Stigmergy? Absolutely you can. You can have your workers learn much faster. Now you need to give them the freedom to learn that you can't keep them a hundred percent busy. We know that now with software teams that there needs to be some slack so that people can think for themselves and perhaps they create their own patterns that they set up communication perhaps with slack or with agile or perhaps with Microsoft teams and they can direct the direction locally of their work whereas the management and you in your leadership position are nudging them in the right direction. So we think that this is a great way to view a corporation and that it will give you some insights as to why you shouldn't be perhaps be using command and control and maybe you should be encouraging self-organization. So we've talked about where to apply the different frameworks. It depends on the problem that you're tackling. If you've got lots of experience, waterfall is fine. If you don't have that much experience, perhaps you need to go for agile. If you are tackling a totally new problem, maybe Lean is much better, Lean Startup for example. So all of these things we're talking about applying different ways of operating and thinking depending on the problem that we're facing. So try thinking of your corporation as a complex adaptive system. We think it will help you. Bye for now. 1