So let's take a look at Power Automate and how we can automate some of our processes. So here I am, I've got Office 365, so let me just log into it. I'm signing in, and I'll stay signed in. Okay. Okay, so here we are with Office 365. I've got my Microsoft Office here we are with Office 365. And what I'd like to do is I'd like to have a free month running some of the more advanced tools. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to go to Flow because I want to look at Power Automate and I'd like to start the free trial and I'll have to log in. So let's start my free trial. I'm just going to continue with that email. So I'll stay signed in. So here I am now with the free trial, okay, on Power Automate. So I'd like to keep track of my YouTube videos that I post. So if I go to YouTube, I'll need to make sure I'm logged in as the right person, but I can go to my channel and this is the correct one. Let me stop that. But I've got lots of videos already posted up there and if we go for example to, let's see, your videos, I've got a whole load of videos there. Okay. So what I'd like to do is when I'm adding new videos, I'd like to automatically have them put into a database and I'm going to put them into a Google Sheet. I've called it YouTube Videos. So if I go to this sheet, I've got both location and videos. This is where I'm going to keep track of the videos and I've just got title and description there. And what we'd like is for when a video is entered into YouTube that another row is added to this data store. Okay. So that's the goal. Let's take a look at how we do it. So in here I'm going to do a search for Google Sheets. And here we've got Google Sheets. And I'd like to track, this is a good example here, track your YouTube videos in Google Sheets. It's exactly what we need. Let's see how it works. So basically we've got a little template here that is coupling together two connectors. So there's the connector that goes to YouTube. So it'll hit the YouTube API and extract from that certain data about the video that's just been added. And then we've got another connector to Google Sheets where we take some of that data that we're pulling back in the API and pushing it now into a row of our Google Sheet. So connectors are incredibly important in the sense that it's quite a bit of work to hit an API and give it the right data that it needs. It'll need some kind of security permissions. So here we're in Microsoft if you like and we're hitting Google's YouTube. So YouTube needs to know who we are and we need permission to hit that API and extract the data that we need. And then again we're going to Google Sheets from Microsoft. So again we need the right permissions. So down here we'll see that we need to collect the data. And this is the part where we'll need to log in to for example YouTube to get the permissions so this automate part and the connector can put the right token into the HTTP message that we're sending to the YouTube API. So I've already logged in but when you do this you'll be adding a new connection and it'll ask you for certain data. Let me just show you what that looks like. So here it'll ask you, it knows we're trying to talk to in this case we're talking to YouTube and we're saying choose an account. So here we'll need to log in to YouTube and I'm using my JRW Tango Gmail user ID. So I'm going to go and use the name to do that. So I've done that and we've already, I'll need to go and it should come up with a tick. But I did the same here with Google Sheets that it'll ask you to log in. Okay so connectors are incredibly important. There are very many that Microsoft has put in place, around 500. So this will save you a tremendous amount of work in automating your calls to these APIs. Okay so let's carry on with our project. Okay so here we've got to first connect and I already did this. If you put the Google Sheet in the right place here, here I've got it right under my drive. If you put it under a directory structure within Google Drive, this app may not be able to find it. Here Google Sheets may not be found by this app that's running here. So let's continue and let's go back to the app and now we need to find that Google Sheet. So here we click on this and then Google Drive and here it should list out now and show us that file which happens to be called YouTube Videos. There it is. So we've got that file. So that one's done and we need to pick a worksheet and it's picked up, obviously it's picked up the right file now because it's showing us two worksheets, location and videos and I'm choosing videos. And you'll see that it's picked up that under videos there's a title and a description. So it's already picked those up. Let's put the whole of the video list under the title. So these are the parameters that we're pulling out from YouTube. So let's have a look. So this would be the channel title. Let's see what else we've got. There's a video ID, summary video summary published. Let's pick out the web link and let's go back to the website. So this is the website. So let's use that for the title and in the description let's put video summary. Okay. Let's save that again and now it's saying to us your flow is ready to go if we get flow checker we see you've got no errors. So it's sitting there now ready. We can run a test. So let's do it manually. And let's now upload a test video to our channel. So we go to create upload videos. Let's drag a video in. So let me find a video. Okay, I've found a video here. It's 13 Meg. It's quite small. Let's drag that on and I'm going to move this up a little so we can see everything as we step through this video here. We need to pull that down and this will be our title. Let's put test in there so we can recognize it. Let's put this in the description. Okay. So this will run it. I'm not making it for kids and we can just skip those. It's going to do a little bit of a search. Let's go back to the page. It's going to do a copyright check. It's done it already and so we can make it public and publish. Okay, so it's published. Let's go back now and take a look. Let's go see what we've got. What's happening here. This is still spinning. Okay. So here it said your flow ran successfully and it took maybe one second on that. Now it's showing us the inputs. So worksheet and it came up with a title. Notice the title. It got us the link to the video and then the description is a little bit more complicated but also it showed us the body of these are the raw outputs. So we can look at those. We can see that the data is now being published. Let's go back and check now our table here and look at videos and we see now we've got our entry. So here's the link to the video, the description, notice the channel title in there. Okay. So that's our workflow. Our Power Automate. That's our workflow. Our Power Automate that is an addition to the Microsoft Office 365. In fact it's part of what's called Dynamics 365. It allows us to do these robotic workflows that we can specify that as a human we don't have to create this table now that it will be filled up automatically when we just drag and drop onto our YouTube channel. Okay. So bye for now. Bye for now.