So here we are at PowerApps. So you can go to make.powerapps.com and it will bring up this page. And here I'm at home. And it allows us to start from blank app or one connected to the Dataverse. Here we're going to drive the app from an Excel spreadsheet. But I'm going to get it not from OneDrive, which is run by Microsoft, but from Google Drive, which is obviously run by Google. And in that we're going to use a Google Sheet, which is their representation of Excel. So I'm clicking on Excel. And now it will give us a selection of connections. Now I don't want to connect to an Excel spreadsheet. By the way, the data must exist somewhere in the cloud. It must be accessible via the web. It can't be on your own machine, for example. So here I'm going to choose Google Sheets because I'm going to drive it from Google Drive, but the Excel spreadsheet will be in this form. Now I need to scroll down here because I've chosen Google Sheets. I now need to create. And it's going to try and get access now to this cloud account that's in Google. So I need to give it my Google address and my email is jwtangle@gmail.com. And now it's going to ask for my password. OK. I've got two-factor authentication here. So it's going to ask for my phone. OK. I've just signed in there. OK. So we're good to go on that. So that's given Microsoft access to my Google Drive. OK. OK. I need to allow access. OK. Now I've got a connection. Here it is. Now I need to choose a data set that I want and I'm scrolling down. I'm going to choose one that I have up there beginning with flooring estimates. So let me click on that. And the sheet has got either sheet one and that's what I want. So let me choose that. Choose a table and connect. So now it's looking at my data and it's going to generate a Power App. So now a preview of this app. I'm going to skip that. And now we need to run the app. Let's take a look at it running to see what it's given us. So here it is. It's given us - actually this is a gallery on Canvas. And then if we click on one of these it will take us to the data. You see it's getting it from sheet one. So let me look at hardwood. Yep, this one. Now the nice thing about this app is we can use it to update the data. So for example here the price is $739. Let's edit the price and make it in fact $849. OK. So now you see the price is $849. And if we go back, bring it up again, it's $849. And if we go to our table in Google Drive to the Google Sheet, it will have updated it there. So next time that we run the app it will have this price. So the nice thing about these Power Apps is basically they're an interface that not only allow you to read the data and view it, but you can edit the data and commit new data into the data source. So that's the introduction to Power Apps. We need to go ahead now and save this so that we can run it at some other time. And to do that we go to File and now it says give the app a name. I'm going to call it 001. And here it allows us to save it. OK. OK. So that's generating our first app using Power Apps. OK. Bye for now.