It's John Williams here at MIT and today I want to talk about the future of work. So I'm going to ask the question in ten years from now, what kind of work will the human be doing and what kind of work will the machine be doing? Now this question was raised by an article in newspaper where experts predict that 50% of the occupations today will no longer exist by 2025. So that's just in ten years, 50% of the jobs that exist now will not exist. Now this doesn't mean that the work won't be done but it means that the work won't necessarily be done by humans. Now let me take you back to 1997 and this is Garry Kasparov who at the time was the world's best chess player. He was the Grandmaster and some people rated him the best chess player ever. Now he played against a computer called Deep Blue that was programmed by some IBM researchers to play chess and in 1996 he defeated Deep Blue but in 1997 in the rematch Deep Blue defeated Garry Kasparov and Garry Kasparov was deeply concerned because he felt that the machine was acting like a human, that the strategies the machine developed against him felt to him very much like he was playing another human and in fact he raised protests asking that they investigate whether there were some humans involved besides the computer. But today we realize that there weren't, that these were the developers and that's the machine there Deep Blue as you see a very large machine but today computer programs run on laptops on quad cores the Intel i7 for example and there's many many computer programs that play chess much better than the best human today. So the world champion today is Magnus Carlsen and he's rated in the scoring system to have an ability around 3,900. The computer programs are significantly better Houdini is rated 300 points better at 3,274 actually nearly 400 points better and Rybka rated at 3,100 and today the best chess is played by computer versus computer and if you go to YouTube you can see this game Rybka versus Houdini where the computers are playing very aggressive chess in a way that no human has ever played before. So this is at least one area where computers can outperform humans. But in 2011 Deep Blue again was playing Jeopardy so this time this is a general knowledge game and it defeated the champions of Jeopardy at the time and beat them quite tenderly. Here you see that it's got $77,000 where the challenges are down in the 20s and so this raises the question for the future what's going to happen and an MIT professor and another researcher Eric Brunjolsson and Andrew McAfee have written a book called Race Against the Machine in which they paint quite a dark picture if you like of machines replacing humans. And if you go to the factories this is what you see in some factories today so here see if you can spot the humans there are two I believe in this photograph here I can only see one. Here now totally different area this is in a hospital and we've got computer-aided operations. And so it's clear that robots and machines can do a lot of tasks that today we as humans are performing. Here's a semi-autonomous drone it's controlled by humans but it has a lot of autonomous functions where it can actually make decisions for itself and there's a great debate today about whether we're going to see machines fighting wars where humans are not perhaps in as much control as we'd like. So machines can certainly learn and can perform many many tasks the question is what kinds of tasks are we going to be left with. Now many people believe that by 2030 there will be a computer with as many transistors as the human brain has neurons so we'll be able to build a machine comparable to the human brain. Now the question is are there things that we can do as humans that the machine cannot do and I actually believe that that is the case that the machine will never replace the human but there are other people that believe differently. So for example Ray Kurzweil talks about the singularity and written a book The Singularity is Near saying that within the next 10 or 20 years machines will be smarter than humans. Now that raises some scary issues. Now he points out that at the moment we've got the law of accelerating returns that research is moving ever faster and we at MIT believe that we can feel it ourselves we see it ourselves every day. But there are some problems with machines so machines deal just with symbols but the thing is that the symbols the words if you like how does the machine ground those to something in the real world and Searle came out with what he called the Chinese room argument he said let me put myself in a room and I'll act like the computer I can I can perform the instructions that the computer performs on the symbols but you'll pass into me Chinese characters as symbols and I don't happen to speak Chinese however I can follow the instructions so I'll manipulate the symbols and output whatever symbols the instructions lead to so I'll act like the computer but it's clear that I don't understand Chinese so the machine itself just manipulate symbols but doesn't understand what they mean so even though it can print out words say English words it's it's not clear that it understands what they mean so he believes that machine can never have the same kind of understanding as a human now JR Licklider in the 60s actually had a much more benevolent view of the computer he talked about man computer symbiosis today we talk about human machine symbiosis and I believe that this is the way to view it that actually we'll work with machines and the key will be what kind of work will we do and what kind of work will the machine do and you can tell today that we can't do without our machines our smartphones our laptops we're kind of tied to them I know I know I am so I'd like to leave you with a question what kind of tasks will we as humans be doing ten years from now the machines will be able to do a lot any test that can be systematized can probably be done by a machine but I'd like to hear from you what kind of tasks you think we'll be doing ten years from now I look forward to seeing your comments on the web so goodbye for now