So let's talk about the security implications when we move files from one company's data centre to another. So when we use GitHub actions we're doing exactly this. When we move from Git to GitHub we need to present keys. Now normally that's hidden from us, but when we're executing the action to move from GitHub to AWS to Amazon's data centre we need to present some keys. So let's take a look at how we do that. So this is my repo for hello colour actions and we're going to use an action and that's in this file here under GitHub workflows and it's this main.yaml. And we'll see that to push up our code once it's tested we're going to push it up to AWS to a bucket. We need to specify these variables. We need to tell it the S3 bucket, the access key ID that we're going to need to allow us to push into AWS, the secret access key itself and the AWS region that we're using. Now I'm hard wiring that, I'm using US East, you can put in wherever you're using. Now we need to get these keys, the values in here. Now to set up those secret keys we just go into settings and make sure you're in the right repo. Yep, so I'm in this repo and here we have secrets and we want to click on actions. So here you'll see I've set up these secrets. So you can update them, you type in the name that you're going to give to the secret, so that's going to be the same as the ones I've used here but then you need to actually put your secrets in. Okay, so for example the bucket, if I update I can put the value in but let me, I'm not going to update it, I'm just going to go back. Now we need to go to AWS and actually get the value of those keys. So we go to the management console and we type in IAM, identity management and we click on it and that takes us here and if you just scroll along you'll see manage access keys. So click on that, so we can create the new access key by clicking here and we can also download the key and so you absolutely need to either copy the key ID and show the access key or download the key file. So let's click that and you'll see it's downloaded rootkey.csv. I'm going to delete this but inside there it'll give you the information you need to complete the secret keys in GitHub. Okay, so get those keys set up and then we can run our actions and push our code up to AWS S3 bucket. Let's just check on the S3 bucket. I'm going to go here, type in S3 and I'm going to go to my S3 buckets. I've already set up a bucket. You'll see here that I can get to my buckets and the bucket that I've chosen is this one, HelloWebActions and if I go there we can see the objects in there that we have GitHub etc. And there's my hello.js. So one last point is that we need to find out what its URL is to hit it and so if you go to index.html here and scroll up you'll see the object URL is this. So we can copy this and I just want to show you that the site actually works. So now we're hitting S3 and you see I updated the colour to be purple actually and now when we click it goes through the cycle. Okay there you go. So that's our website that was automatically deployed to S3. Okay have fun with this exercise.