Hi Larissa, I want to show you around your computer just to remind you of how you get to things. So along this bottom bar here are the things that I've got open already. So I've got File Explorer open and let me open it. And if I click again, it goes away. So these along here allow you to open the programs that you've got open or rather to go to them. So here's my notepad which we are using and we're using File Explorer and we're also using Google Chrome. Now this thing here on the far left, if I left click, it allows me to search for programs. So it has some here that I use most often. So most of what you'll need are probably already in here but if you need to search for them you need to know the name of the program. So for example, if I do Google Chrome, it will come with Google Chrome. Now things that I have most often I put on my desktop here. So I can open those. We'll put some on your desktop. So the Recycle Bin is where I drag files if I want to throw them away. But let's open Google Chrome. So now you'll see it's down in this bar here. For you, I think it's over here somewhere. And again, if I click once, it will open and close. Open close. Open close. Now Google is your browser and you can search for things. So we search for flowers. Here I can have everything or I can have the images or it may have videos even. So this is really useful. These things here are called tabs. So I can open and search for something else in this window. So this is still the browser but I can be doing two or three things in the browser. So maybe I'll look for trees. So this tab has trees. This tab has flowers. Let's go to images. And we can keep opening tabs. And if you want to get rid of a tab, these little crosses get rid of the tab. And if you want to get rid of the program, it's that cross there. But if I just want to make it bigger, the full screen, it's that this thing up here. If I click again, it will go back to normal size. I can resize these. Make them smaller. Or if I do it right in the corner, you'll see that I can. So sometimes I want to drag this image onto this page. So here I've got PowerPoint and I can take that image and plonk it here. Ah, no that didn't work. Let's have a look. I need to copy it maybe. Maybe I just copy. Copy image. That was with a right click on that photo. Copy image. Go here. Paste. Where's paste? Yeah paste. No, it doesn't work. Maybe I'll go... Some images you can copy, some you can't. I'm not quite sure why. Let me copy image. Paste. Where is it? There. Yep. OK. So that's how we can get hold of files. Now we've been programming and using Notepad to write code. So we've been writing code and we've been coding in HTML. OK, so remember this is what HTML looks like. And I'll just put one. H1. Hello World. Slash H1. Yep. Now it doesn't matter if we put these on the same line or another line like that. So in this case for HTML it needs a beginning. Oh, I need a slash there to end it. So the slash is kind of the end of this starts what we call an element and this finishes an element. So this starts something and this ends it. So we can have Hello World and then we can have other things. And we save these as HTML files. Now I do Save As. Now I need to navigate to where I want to save. Now this up here, this tells me where I am already. So normally you have this C drive. Every file you have is usually stored under this directory here, this C drive. Now you'll see inside the C drive I've got folders. And I want to go to, I happen to know my Google folder is under Users/JRW. Yeah, Google Drive. So you see now up here I've moved from C to Users to this to this. And the way we usually, if I right click there to copy that address, and if I want to see where that is, I can maybe, oh I can't paste it yet in here. I've got to finish it. So let's have a look. I'm going to go to Culture Preservation because it's got some of the files that you're familiar with. It's got Bradmore Road and that's got photos in it, etc. Now it only shows here Save As Text. I don't want to do that. I want to save it as file name. I'm going to save it as hello.html. Now let me put it under, I'm going to put it under Bradmore. So the file now that I'm creating will be saved under this directory or under this folder. Sometimes we call them directories, sometimes we call them folders. So now this file, if I want to find it, I go to File Explorer and I've got Google Drive and you have slightly different, but it's under Bradmore. We should see hello.html. And if I double click on that, I had something else in that file. But it says hello world. So this is our hello world file that we've got here. Yeah, down here I've got junk. I'm working on something that I wanted to keep. So I'm just leaving it in there. But this shows you how to move around between programs. So this is a browser program. This is an editor program called Notepad. And I've got a recording going. And we've got the File Explorer, which allows me to move between my files. You've got Google Drive on yours and we were working under Larissa stuff. So that shows you basically how to start programs. We started up the browser by double clicking on that. We started up this one by clicking on it. This is the File Explorer that we can find our files. OK, kisses.