So our problem in data science is that we're collecting data from some unknown population. We can't see the whole population. So it's like we're reaching into a bag and we're pulling out a number. And the question is, as we pull out more numbers, can we tell something about the underlying distribution of that population? So you can imagine, let's suppose I reach into the bag and I pull out the number five, and I hold it, and then I reach into the bag and pull out the number five again. Now maybe I reach in and pull out the number six, and reach in again and pull out the number four, and reach in again and pull out the number five. Now I can draw some conclusion, it's highly unlikely I'd be picking these numbers less than ten from perhaps a distribution that has numbers up to a hundred. So immediately I can begin to draw some probabilistic conclusions. And that's our goal, is from a sample of a population we want to know something about the underlying statistics of that population, and something about the probabilities for, for example, drawing a ball that is less than the number ten. So we're going to start to look at that now with the help of NumPy, which allows us to generate some distributions. And we're going to use histograms to start to understand what this data looks like in the underlying population. So let's go and take a look at our NumPy distributions. So we're going to use np.random.choice so we can specify the array that we're going to make choices from, so we could specify for example one, two, three, and it would just choose from those numbers. But let's use arange to do that. np.arange and we need to go from zero through up to ten, but not including ten. And let's make a hundred draws from that range. So here we've got a hundred and you see we go through zero through nine. And if I run it again, I'll get another drawing of these numbers. Now looking at these numbers, they all lie between zero and nine and by inspection we can see that. Now the other thing is that this data doesn't depend on the order that it's drawn. So for example I draw out a two and then I draw out a one and then a five, but they're independent of each other. Now how are we going to get some sense of this data? Well maybe we should count how many twos for example. There's one two, there's another one, we go on, no, and maybe there's some more here. I missed one there, yes, and another one here. And what would that tell us? Well that might tell us whether the numbers for example at the extremes, so the extremes of zero and nine, are they more likely or less likely than say something in the middle? That we've got in the back of our mind, maybe there's some distribution to this underlying population. Now we know because we actually generated this that every number is equally likely to be drawn. So we don't expect any centrality for this for example in the sense that numbers near, so I'm going zero to nine, so 4.5 would be the average, so four or five, we wouldn't expect that to be more frequently drawn than anything else. But with other data perhaps that would be the case. So one of the things we can do is to plot a histogram. Now let's plot that out. We've got matplotlib and pyplot, so we can use plot.hist. We want a histogram. And we want a histogram of A. This will actually get me a histogram. But I need to be a little careful here about the bins. I want to control the bins. So I'm going to specify the bins equal to np.arange and I'm going to go zero to 11. So it won't include 11. We'll have zero up through 10. And as we know we're stopping here at nine so we won't have any tens. But let's plot that. Let's take a look at this plot. So we know we've got 100 drawing here. And this histogram tells us we had 14 zeros. It actually plots it out here as well. So you can see exactly how many you've got. You've got 14 zeros, nine ones, seven twos, eight. Now what do these numbers tell us? Well, this tells us the probability of us drawing a zero was 14 out of 100. So that's 14 divided by 100. If you wanted a probability it would be 0.14. 14 divided by 100. But these frequencies sometimes are easiest to use. Frequencies sometimes are more difficult to deal with mentally than frequencies. So here you see for the number eight what did we have? It's two from the end. So we had 15 there. That was 15 for the eights. And the numbers nine were seven. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. So one, two, three, four, five, six, seven. That will be the tenth, that nine. Although we've got it here in this A range, there are no tens. So just be a little careful with the histograms so you get the number of bins. But we can change this histogram into a probability. How would we do that? Well, we just do the division. We said yes there were ten zeros and we divide by 100 so the chance is, would be, the probability would be 0.1. We can also do it in this histogram by using something called density equals true. So now you see we get the actual probabilities. Point one four would be the number three it looks like, zero, one, two, three. Let's take a look at this. Yeah, point one four. Now it doesn't tell us, now we've normalised it if you like with this density and it doesn't tell us the frequency. Now we could still deduce it because we knew there's 100 drawings so if I multiply it by this 100 we get back to a number. So this allows us, because we're choosing integers, this allows us to change from frequencies. So this would be with frequencies. So these are the frequencies. This was 17 out of 100 were the number three and just by adding in that density is true we get probabilities. So we're going to explore mapping frequencies to probabilities a little more but get comfortable with being able to plot out the frequencies because that will tell us a lot about the underlying distributions. Okay bye for now.