So in the US there are over 12 million people that receive royalties for oil and gas. So typically there are thousands of wells around the US that have been drilled. Now what we wanted to do was to be able to predict better than present technology allowed, the production rates and particularly out into the future. So for example, typically with a well when it first starts producing, it'll climb up to some maximum and then start to decline. So every month there'll be less and less oil produced. And those type curves are what we were trying to accurately predict. Let me explain how a well is drilled and how the technology is applied to that well so that it can produce oil and gas. We're going to be concerned with the Barkin region in North Dakota and that's a shale and it's a tight oil shale. What that means is that the permeabilities are very low. So you can imagine it like a sheet of glass that fluid just won't permeate through it. We have to do something to that rock to make it more permeable. And what we do is we hydrofrack it. So the way it works is we drill vertically down until we hit the oil bearing formation and then we drill horizontally. And that's called our lateral length, that horizontal section. And obviously the greater that lateral length, the more of the oil bearing rock that we're sampling. Now to increase that surface area we hydrofrack. So we'll pack off what they're called stages. We'll pack off a stage of that lateral length and we'll pump in high pressure water to create a fracture. And then we'll pump what we call propant into that fracture. So this could be sand or ceramic particles. The idea of the propant is to hold the fracture open so we create permeability. We create pathways for the oil and gas to flow out. So I imagine it like slices of bread and the lateral length is a pencil and we have these vertical slices that are planes that allow oil and gas to flow into them and then out through the lateral length and up the vertical well. So that's the technology. Now in the Barkin Basin we have over 3,600 wells where there's data. The data that we have is typically monthly production rates. We've got lateral length drilled. We typically don't have the number of stages. Sometimes we do. But that obviously will be correlated with the lateral length. The greater the lateral length, the greater the number of stages that you can have in that lateral length. So that would be a correlated variable. It wouldn't be independent so we probably want to choose just the lateral length. Now for the hydrofrack to characterise that we have the amount of water that was used in fracking. We also have the mass of propane that was put in place. And that will be related to the permeability created. Now the model that we use today is one developed by Patzeck and it's a one dimensional flow model into these fracture planes. And there are two variables that are critical to this model. So this model will predict the type curves, the production curves. But it has two parameters, two hyper parameters if you like. One is the total mass of oil or gas. Let's call it capital M. Now we don't know that obviously. And also it has a time constant, tau. And again, that's an unknown. When we use those in hindsight in old wells, we see that we actually get very good predictions of the type curves. But our problem is with a new lease we don't know either of those two parameters. So if you look at our predictions say if we have the first six months or twelve months of production. We could choose many, many different type curves that fit that first twelve months. So when we're predicting out to sixty months, five years, we have great variability in our prediction. And what we wanted to do was to use data science on this data to get better predictions to decrease this variability in these type curves. So let's take a look at the data and the data science that we apply to this problem. follow.