OK, so let's take a look at this project called Pac-Man. So this is an old, old game and this little creature goes across the screen eating things. So I'm going to click on it and it's going to run across and it hits that end and turns around. So this is what we wanted to do. OK, and I'm just going to give you a simple version to start with that won't move automatically and won't turn around. So I want you to figure out how to control Pac-Man. OK, so let's take a look at the code. So here's the code and let's take a look first at the HTML. So in the HTML we've got an image tag and it refers to an image Pac-Man1.png. So it's going to load that image and it's got a width of 200. Now there's an on click that when we click on Pac-Man we're going to call this function run. Now what's important is that we have this style attribute set to position absolute because we're going to control the position. We're not going to let it automatically layout the position. So you know that we have styles and in this case our choice is that we want this to be absolute. So now let's look at the code. What we're going to do is we need to get a handle on this tag. So let me show you how we do that. So up here we do document get element ID and we search for the tag Pac-Man. So that image has the tag Pac-Man. So we get a hold of this and now it turns out we can get a hold of the source and change the source. So here we're saying if the flag is 1 we're going to use Pac-Man 2 image. So there are two images or more actually. I'm going to give you four images. Here they are. One, two, three and four. And you need to flip flop between those images. And so that's what this does with these flags that if the image is 1 I set it then to 0. So the next time it's going to render Pac-Man 1. So it flips between Pac-Man 1 and Pac-Man 2. And the second thing it does is it moves the position. So here it sets the position of the image. Actually this should be that. It sets the position of the image and we need the left hand. So this is going to give us the top left hand corner of that image. And we're going to move its left so the X position of that. We're going to move it to pause. And pause you see is going to get incremented every time run is called. Every time run is called pause is going to get incremented by 20. Now you have to put this little px after here, the string after the number because the whole thing needs to be a string. And this will automatically, JavaScript will automatically cast this to be a string with the number, the integer plus px. So it will have px after it. It stands for pixel. So we're just moving it by pixels. Okay, so that's the goal. What you need to do is now you need to automate the movement. So we need to do a set time out. So we're going to put set time out here. And we're in this function run. And we need to call the run function. And second argument is the amount of time between calls. And if you put 1000, that's one second, it's 1000 milliseconds. So at one second. So if you wanted to go faster, you can try it with 100. And it'll move very quickly. So that's the first thing. The second thing, I want you to detect when it hits the edge of the page. And I want you to flip those images round. So instead of using one and two, you need to use three and four. Okay, so you need to find out where the edge of the page is. You need to detect when the image when the Pac Man hits that. So remember, we're specifying the left hand, the top left hand, but we need to detect when the top right hand, or at least the right hand hits that end. And then we need to flip it again when it hits zero. Okay, so that's the goal is to make it do those things. So good luck with that code. Okay, that's all for now.