Hi, it's John Williams here at MIT and I am here to talk about what is a encrypted message server. At the moment several governments are saying they need the keys to WhatsApp, iPhone etc. that these systems are encrypting their messages and the government would like to get the keys so that it can watch these messages. But the problem is that as soon as the government gets the keys the bad guys will realize that the government has the keys and they have an alternative. They can write their own message server and they can do it very quickly and very easily. Let me show you. All you need for this is on your machine you need to load Node.js and NPM so that you can do the following. We can write our own server that uses web sockets. We will spin this up on a machine and we are going to use port 8080 for you to connect to. The idea is that you connect using your browser. I will show you the browser side code in a minute. You send messages to this server and when this server receives the message it broadcasts it out to all the other clients that are logged in. Here is the event on message that we are just going to print it to the console so that we can see it on the server side. But then we just broadcast it out to anyone else that is logged in to us. We can use whatever encryption we like layered on top of this. This is 13 lines of code. Let me show you how the browser side works. The browser side we are going to make a connection. We need to know where the server is. But we can do this out of band. We can broadcast to the bad guy team where this server is. We can rent servers around the world and just spin them up in a second or two. They will then receive the messages. This is just pure browser.html code. This is JavaScript code running inside the browser. We open a web socket and send the message "Hello from browser". Then we post the message to the server and display the message. That's it. 37 lines of code. This is just HTML up here. That's it basically using web sockets. Let me demonstrate now. We will open up the server. I just want to spin up the server. This is the code. server.js We use node to run that. The server is up and running on port 8080. We can use any port we like. That's our server up and waiting now. Here it is. The browser. Let's spin it up. Hello from browser. Let's have a look to see if our incoming message. We received it on that. Let me spin up another browser. Here is my other browser. Let me just copy that. Here are two bad guys talking. Let's have this one. Hello from Jane. Post the message. This one gets it. Hi Jane. This is Fred. Post the message. Post it to myself. Jane gets it. Jane and Fred are now free to communicate to their hearts desire. Of course they can communicate and encrypted. Maybe that means something. Fred can see it. Fred can also encrypt. Post the message. Voila. Getting the keys to WhatsApp or iPhone is easily circumvented by running your own. This code is freely available on the web. Any competent node programmer or web programmer would be able to write this in half an hour. It is futile for the government to go after WhatsApp and the big companies because the terrorists can just roll their own. They can do it themselves.