We've talked about MQTT brokers and the ability to separate the producer from the consumer and we're going to look now at a commercial product called Thingsboard that has extensive capabilities. The main one that we're going to use is its user interface. It provides a really great user interface for viewing our sensor data. So let's go to Thingsboard here. We're going to load up its Docker image. There's a community version as well as the commercial version, the cloud version and you can see here that it's got a lot of capabilities in allowing end users to control and monitor devices and it interfaces as well with Kafka so it has great streaming capabilities. There's a professional edition, there's the cloud version. If you are doing something commercially you'll probably be operating in the cloud and here we've got a version, as I say, a community version that we can use on our own machine using the Docker containers. It's got a dynamic user interface that we can connect up sensors, process the data as it streams to us and then push it, in our case we're going to push it to Firebase, a database. Let's go spin up Thingsboard. All we're going to need is a Docker Compose file and I'm going to give you that. So let's go to my window here. I've already spun it up. You can see that it's quite extensive. I'm going to bring up another window just so you can see what I've done. Here we've got our Docker Compose file and we can take a look at that. It's quite a small file. Here it is getting the Thingsboard image and it's going to use the Postgres version and the ports that we're going to spin up on. The main one we're going to be concerned with is 8080. This is the one we're going to interface with and there's some data and logging that it will also do on our machine. So if we look at these two folders we need to create those. So you need to do make directory for those. So .mitb-data return and it'll create that folder and also you need to do the same for logs. So you need to have those two directories and then you need to run the Docker Compose file. So you do Docker Compose up and it'll take a fair amount of time to spin up. Here's the end of the installation but you see here there's quite a bit that goes on before that. Now once it's spun up we can hit it by going to localhost 8080. So you go to localhost 8080 and it'll bring up this user interface where we need to log in. They give us some default passwords. So here on the demo account we've got a system administrator that we can log in as and that's the one we're going to use. So that's sysadmin@thingsboard.org and the password is sysadmin. If you need tenants that say we might have a building and so that might be one tenant and another building might be another tenant and here's some other alternatives. But we're going to need this login and password. So sysadmin is what we're going to use to log in. We log in as sysadmin and if you you can view it the password is sysadmin. So and that will bring us to this user interface. I'm going to squish it down a little so you can see it here. It's got a lot of capabilities. We're going to use mainly the graphical user interface to display our sensor data but it's got a tremendous amount of other capabilities that you can view if you go back and explore ThingsBoard. Okay so that's installing ThingsBoard and now let's go and use it. Okay bye for now.