So let's take a look at Thingsboard which is a broker for streaming data. It's very nice because it has a user interface and so we can see graphs of the streams as they're coming in. And this is how it would normally work is that we'd have our sensors and they'd be streaming data over MQTT or a web socket to Thingsboard. And Thingsboard would then allow us to manipulate it. We could do on-the-fly analytics and we could then push it for example to Firebase which is a streaming database. To start out we're going to use an internal generator to generate data for Thingsboard. So we're going to basically simulate a sensor. And we'll start off with one sensor and then we can have more. But we'll be pushing that data and it'll be temperature data and we'll push it into Thingsboard, manipulate it there and push it into Firebase. Okay, so let's begin. So let's see if we can spin up some devices and display data from them. So I've logged into Thingsboard and I've logged in and I'm at the home screen and you'll see there's quite a few things here that we can bring up. But what we're going to do first is we're going to create an asset. So we're going to create for example a building that has a sensor or multiple sensors in it. So let's create that asset and we go here plus and we'll add a new asset and the name let's call it building A asset type a building. So we'll just add that. So now we've got a building and if we want to go in and edit it we can. Okay. Now let's create some devices and we're going to put them in the building. So let's create a device, add new device, name, let's call it thermometer A. And a transport type we'll leave as default. Okay, now we've got a thermometer and we can go to assets and building A here and relations. So here we can show that for example this from building A and here we can add contains and device and the device will put our thermometer A in there. So now we have building A that has a single thermometer. You can put multiple ones in if you want. Now we're done with that. So we've set that up. We've got our device, our thermometer. Now we want to set up some profile and let's create a profile for this thermostat say thermostat that'll do. And we're going to have a rule chain and we'll put the default rule chain there at the moment. Okay, now we need a rule generator. So we'll look at the rule chains. We've got a default rule chain already built in and we'll look at that in a moment but we're going to create a new rule chain. So this let's call it temp generator. Okay, so now we can go to the rule chain and we can open that rule chain. Now what we want to do is to generate temperatures. So let's go and look down here and we should be able to find a generator. So let's generate. Add this rule node. So we'll call it temp generator. We'll generate any number of messages. Let's generate every 10 seconds for now and this type is going to be device and we'll do our let's have a look thermometer A. We need to generate random temperatures. So let's go get the code for that. So I'm going to replace this with this code here. Let me just show you what that's doing. So we're going to generate a random number. So 18 plus 5 and the random number will be between 0 and 1. So we're going to get maybe we'll make the temperatures a little larger than that. 10 times that. Okay and we'll add that code. So take note of that code. Let me see. Okay. Edit. Okay. Now we've generated a temperature. Remember to save with that tick down there and now we want to feed it to the basic rule chain. So we're going to send this to the root rule chain. So we add that and we'll just on success pass that to the root rule chain. Now with the root rule chain we're going to need to decide what to do with it. We can store it. I'll just show you quickly the root rule chain. So open the root rule chain and we're going to have basically this is the input now that's come from the generator. We're going to have a message switch. They give these as defaults. Here we're going to post the telemetry. We're just going to save it as a time series. Okay. So this is pretty much default. You'll have most of these here so just pick the post telemetry one. Okay. So let's save those. Okay. Now if we go to the devices and go to the thermometer we'll see that we've got under latest telemetry we've got this random numbers being generated here every 10 seconds. There you go. Just changed. Okay. So that's the first stage that you need to get to. Now let's go and take a look at the second part with the rule chain. So we're connected up. Let's go and get our root rule change here. So open that and now I'm connecting that to a save time series. So I drag that in and if we go to the same it's just save time series. That's all we need to do. So now we can go to our dashboard. Let's go to our dashboard and I've created a dashboard here called warehouse A. So we've got no widgets. I need to edit the dashboard. Add a new widget. Let's go to charts and let's get a time series. So here we need to add in a data source. So here I'm adding in thermostat and device type and the device type. Let's go to default and that's okay and here now let's put temperature. Okay and we'll add that and we can expand it and we'll see that it's tracking temperature every 10 seconds. So now that we've got our ThingsBoard generator working let's connect ThingsBoard up to Firebase. So we need to create a project in Firebase. Here I've created a real-time database. There's a separate video that shows you how to do that and I've added in here temperature and I put one reading with zero. What I need to do is to copy this link. We're going to need this link so I'm going to copy that and now let's go back to ThingsBoard. So here we are in ThingsBoard. We're generating data and I've changed it so that the generator is generating one reading every second. Now we've got to go back and make sure that we can push this data. So let's go to our rule chain and we need to go to the root rule chain. So let's open that. Here's our root rule chain. So the generator is pushing data into this input and then we're looking at the type of message and we're pushing it to time series. Now what I'm doing is I've gone in here and I've pulled out this REST API call. So here we'll see this REST API call and I've pulled it out here and what I'm going to do is connect now my time series to this API call. Let's go into this and edit it. So I just click on this and now edit and I need to paste into there what I copied from Firebase. So I paste it in and then I need to add temperature.json to the end of it because that's what I created in Firebase. Okay so that's all we need to do there. The request method is a post and here I've given it a name, "send to Firebase". So we're okay with that. We'll apply the change in a moment but now I need to connect this. So here let me make sure this is above those ticks and now I can drag our time series into this and I choose success. Edit and now when we save it let's go back now to Firebase and take a look at Firebase. So here I am in the Firebase console and you'll see that we're adding temperature readings. So if I go into one of these for example you'll see the temperature 22.1, 19.6, etc. I'm going to delete this because it's adding quite a few and you can run up hundreds of thousands so I'm going to actually just delete that a moment. Delete all the data. It's still it's still going. So let's go back and uncouple it from Firebase. So let's go back to Things Board. So here we are in Things Board. I'm going to decouple this because let me let me move these. I want to decouple this one. Okay so now we shouldn't be pumping data into Things Board. I'll go and check in a moment. So that's completing the cycle where we've gone from generating temperature data in Things Board and pushing it through our rule chain out into Firebase. Okay so good luck and bye for now.